Rename `StateScoped` to `DespawnOnExitState` and add `DespawnOnEnterState` (#18818)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/rename_StateScoped.md

---
title: `StateScoped` renamed to `DespawnOnExitState`
pull_requests: [18818]
---

> Adding the `StateScoped` component to an entity causes it to be despawned when **exiting** a state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, Bevy provided the `StateScoped` component, adding it to an entity caused it to be despawned when **exiting** a state.
```
